
    PIE LICENSE
	Version 1, July 7, 2010
	Copyright (C) 2010, thaCURSEDpie <thacursedpie (AT) gmail (DOT) com>
	
	Copying and distributing verbatim copies of this license document is
  allowed, changing it is not.
  
    Preamble
	
    This license was created because I felt that the GPL license did not
  fit my needs. It is too much focused on open-source, denying the fact that
  the original creator should be able to benefit from his creation.
  That is why I created the "Pie License". It allows modifications and
  (re)distributions of works licensed under it, but does not out-right deny
  usage of the works for commercial purposes. (one needs the written 
  permission of the original creator).
  
    The actual reason I wrote this license was because I wanted to release
  all of the sourcecodes of my GTA:IV mods to the public. Yet I didn't want
  someone stealing my sourcecodes and somehow benefiting from it. I also
  didn't feel like outright denying commercial use of my work. What if
  Rockstar felt these mods were so awesome, they wanted to buy them? If so,
  the people who worked on these mods should be rewarded, right?
  
  
1.  License

    You are allowed to (re)distribute works licensed under this license,
  modify the works licensed under this license and (re)distribute these
  modifications, subject to the following terms and conditions:

  a) You must not misappropriate the origin of this software. You must not
     claim you wrote the original software. 

  b) If you are distributing a modified version of a work licensed under this
     license, you must clearly state that it is a modified version.
	 
  c) If you distribute or modify a work licensed under this license, you must 
     license the entire work, as a whole, under this license. 
	 
  d) You are not allowed to use works licensed under this license, or any
     modifications of works which are licensed under this license, be it
	 modifications made by you, or modifications made by someone else,
	 for commercial purposes without the written permission of the person who
	 wrote the original software. (NOT the person who made the modifications.
	 Though this could be the same person. In that case, you need this person's
	 written permission)
	 
2.  Warranty disclaimer

    This software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or
    implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
    fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. In no event shall the
    authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other
    liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising
    from, out of or in connection with this software or the use or other
    dealings in this software.